Quick Plan (#484)
kubev2v/forklift-documentation: documentation/modules/creating-migration-quick-plan-vm.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-migration-quick-plan-vm_{context}"]

> = Creating and running a migration plan starting on Providers for virtualization

Reviewer: this looks really similar to `documentation/modules/creating-migration-quick-plan-new-source.adoc` above - in the previous one we say that you first create a provider in the scope of creating the migration plan and here we assume the provider was already defined, but essentially they are the really the same (we can think of the previous flow as (1) define a source provider if you haven't defined it yet; (2) proceed with the creation of the migration plan)
I'd suggest to drop `documentation/modules/creating-migration-quick-plan-new-source.adoc` in favor of this one (this section comes after the text in adding-source-provider.adoc, right?)

Author: Yes, I've deleted documentation/modules/creating-migration-quick-plan-new-source.adoc

// Module included in the following assemblies:
//
// * documentation/doc-Migration_Toolkit_for_Virtualization/master.adoc

:_content-type: PROCEDURE
[id="creating-migration-quick-plan-vm_{context}"]
= Creating and running a migration plan starting on Providers for virtualization

.Procedure

. In the {ocp} web console, click *Providers for virtualization*.

> . In the row of the appropriate source provider, click the *VMs* entry.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
. In the row of the appropriate source provider, click the *Virtual Machines* entry.
```
and shouldn't it be 'tab' instead of 'entry'? I'm not sure about the terms in the OpenShift console (not that important though)

Author: Probably should be "... click *VMs*." We're on the Providers page, the user clicks VMs.

![image](https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-documentation/assets/60698649/8d668938-f65e-49a5-a090-348be68bd9bb)

Reviewer: ah ok, I didn't read it carefully enough, I thought you meant "Virtual Machines" here:
![image](https://github.com/kubev2v/forklift-documentation/assets/6020068/f58a5d43-f4a8-47ff-875e-de99690bbcfc)

Author: Well I skipped a step, so I'm glad you asked.

. Select the VMs you want to migrate and click *Create migration plan*.
+
The *Create migration plan* pane opens. It displays the source provider's name and suggestions for a target provider and namespace, a network map, and a storage map.
. Enter the *Plan name*.
. Make any desired changes to the editable items.
. Click *Add mapping* to edit a suggested network mapping or a storage mapping, or to add one or more additional mappings.
. Click *Create migration plan*.
+

> {project-short} validates the migration plan and the *Plan detail* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error. In all cases, the details of the plan are listed, and you can edit the items you filled in on the previous page. If you make any changes, {project-short} again validates the plan.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
{project-short} validates the migration plan and the *Plan details* page opens, indicating whether the plan is ready for use or contains an error. In all cases, the details of the plan are listed, and you can edit the items you filled in on the previous page. If you make any changes, {project-short} again validates the plan.
```
